[Autogenerated] much of what you see here in the newly created project.
It's just the same as if we were creating an ace peanut
core ap I But there are a few differences.
We'll look at thes from the top down, starting with CS Project file.
The template added a project type property and three packages to the project.
One is an STK for s three and remember,
that's a W S is simple storage service and another sdk
with dot net core set up eight guys.
The last one is Amazon Lambda A S P.
Net core server and that package is going to get
white a workout from the application.
Next are the controllers.
There's the standard values controller you may be used to
seeing from the SP net core ap I template and another which
is the S three proxy controller.
It's a sample that has the a p I interacting with an
s three bucket on eight of us, but we won't be using that anyway.
Inside of app settings,
there's a property called ap s three bucket with no value.
Yet this also is for the ESRI proxy controller that we don't care about anyway.
Now Here's a really important edition.
The AWS Lambda Tools Default got Jason file.
We've seen Jason files for the AWS tools before.
This is where settings air stored that will be used by the toolkit when we go
to deploy this application or if you're using the dot net Cilla extensions for
Lambda to deploy that will also use this file.
So by default it's picked up info from the tool kits
such as my Profile and Region.
It specifies the version of the dot net core framework and if you happen,
and then some more section,
most of which that relates to that s three proxy controller that we
don't care about next are two interesting files.
They are, in fact,
a replacement for the program dot CS file that would normally be here.
It actually is.
Their program CS has been renamed to local Entry Point.
So when dot net core is running the APP directly,
for example,
when you're debugging in visual studio or running it from the command line,
the main method inside this class will be the applications entry point,
as it always is.
But when running on AWS as part of the serverless
application that won't be the case.
The service will be looking for an entry point method called in it,
which is inside the Lambda Entry Point Class.
And most of what's in this class are just comments to help.
Those of us just starting out with serverless
applications understand what's going on.
And what's happening is that this class is inheriting from the A P
I gateway proxy function from that s peanut course surgery guy
pointed out in the C s project file.
This will cause Sam to put arrest AP I gateway in front of my function.
It's also possible toe have this class inherit from other
classes that would set up http gateways in front of the
function or even a load balancer.
And then the innit method causes theatric ation to start up
and will use the start of class just like a regular ___
peanut core application does.
So the important logic here is the fact that it's
inheriting from this proxy function.
I'll skip over the Read me file for now and look at the server list.
A template file.
This contains settings that Sam will read and act on
when the application is deployed.
to AWS and again a lot of the settings in here are
related to that s three proxy controller.
So the only ones I do care about here are the SP Net core function
under Resource is and the a p I IRL under outputs,
the A S P Net core function section is critical because it describes to
Sam what the Lambda function needs to know about the A p I that it's
connecting to and note the role in the policies.
Properties will make some changes here.
When we're working with our books and authors a p I
shortly in the startup class.
The Onley difference here from the start up class in a standard template,
is that it has again some details specific to the S three proxy controller.
Now let's go back to that Read me file.
This file provides a really good explanation of all
the moving parts in the project.
It's really documentation, and I think it's a great addition to the template.
I'll run this project, but just the values controller,
because I don't need it to create s three buckets for me. And there you can see it is working